Mother, married and having worked for 30 years, I have been summoned to the court of Valence on November 13th, 2020, accused of "group theft" of the official portrait of Mr. Macron in a local town hall.

I've been a committed primary school teacher. My favourite missions (which I see as essential) being :
- to transmit to the children the joy of gardening
- to observe and study insects and other little animals
- to show them how to recycle
- to help them diversify their culinary tastes
- to take them on nature trips and discover the wonders of flora and fauna

It has given me so much pleasure to see their natural enthusiasm !

With this in mind, I feel compelled to act when not enough is being done for the environment.
I've signed countless petitions, participated in many climate marches and heard many various environmental organisations warning about the forthcoming climate catastrophe.
All seem to be in vain.
(Worryingly we've also seen the right to protest diminish here in France)

We know the solutions to the climate problem but it needs courageous government action to implement the correct measures.

I seem to have been treated like a terrorist for this "Let's take down Macron" campaign, but regardless, I'm determined to continue to make my stand for the environment.

ANV Cop21 -"Let's take down Macron" campaign
... and the logic of confiscating a €9.90 portrait ?

The collective action of ANV-Cop21 "Let's take down Macron" was launched in February 2019. It protests against the government's feeble action concerning social and climate issues.

The "Let's take down Macron" campaigners did not carry out a theft but rather a symbolic requisition of a portrait
... which will be returned contingent on the actions of the government.

The president's portrait is by no means obligatory in town halls, it is part of a 19th century republican tradition ! A mayor can not be prosecuted for not displaying it. You can get married, be born and die without seeing this portrait!

To show that France is not respecting the Paris Agreement :
- 125 portraits were removed from town halls in France and exhibited at the G7 summit in Bayonne in August 2019
- 100 portraits of Emmanuel Macron brandished upside down by citizens at "D - 100 local elections" in Paris

There has been a disproportionately severe police response to this action under the pretext of a state of emergency against terrorism (declared in 2015) 
